>> Steve Kinney: So we have a few
tools that we're going to be using.
Really the two that you
need is a Google account.
So you can use these
Google Colab notebooks, but
they are effectively
just Jupyter notebooks.
So worst case scenario, if you needed to
download said Jupyter notebook, you could.
That said, there's a few things in there
where for just clearing out logs and
stuff like that that are Colab specific.
The good news is as long as
you have a Google account,
using Colab is effectively free, right?
There is a kinda limited version.
We get either CPU bound stuff or
a lightweight graphics
card that you can use.
And like to be clear, could you run
all of this code on your computer?
Absolutely.
I just don't trust all
of your graphics cards.
And so knowing that we could have a stable
set of graphic cards at our disposal
seemed like the mature and
responsible choice.
So that's what we're doing because I did
run some of these even on my M1 max.
You have time to make a sandwich if
you run it probably on your laptop.
So I think using Google's free
GPUs is probably a good choice.
The other one is Hugging Face which is.
We'll talk about this in a second.
Literally the next slide.
It's not wrong to think about GitHub but
for open source models,
getting those two accounts now, why I buy
you some time is probably, probably good.
And yeah, so like I said,
Hugging face, it's like GitHub but
for models and data sets and
all sorts of other fun stuff.
And like GitHub is just more
than just code repositories now
where there's stuff like
GitHub Actions and code spaces.
There is obviously more to
Hugging Face the overall platform
than we will touch today.
We are predominantly going to use it.
One for SDK that makes working with some
of these models very easy and two for
the fact that like doing a Git clone,
it makes getting the models very easy.
But there is a ton of cool stuff that
I encourage you to go poke around with
as well.
And there are lots of different models and
data sets to play around with.
We are going to be somewhat
conservative today with some of these
smaller ones that I know will work in
time frames conducive to our chats,
hardware conducive to our chats,
so on and so forth.
Also, if you ever thought too hard about
a company name, just naming it after
an emoji that inspires joy is probably
not the worst thing that you could do.
So yeah,
if you do not have a hugging face account.
Now's the time to go do that.
But as you can see,
lots of really fun stuff and
one could lose many a weekend exploring
all of the data sets and models.
Ask me how I know the one
thing that you will do and
for some of this I will
not do it with you.
As I project my screen to hundreds of
people is we will go into our settings and
I'll get you halfway there, but you'll do
the rest and getting yourself an access
token that we will go put in our
Google Colab notebooks in a little bit.
And once we get that token, after that we
will head over to Google Colab, where we
will go ahead and put it in the sidebar
and have it as an environment variable.
Google Colab will keep the knowledge
of these environment variables and
secrets, but you'll have to flip it on for
each notebook.
I also say that in case I forget at
some point that now I have said it and
someone can remind me, because sometimes
when you're talking encoding and
moving your mouse around, you forget
some very simple, simple things.
But we will take a tour
of all of these things.
The other thing I will put in
your head now before we jump in,
is by default, most of the time you
will start out on a cpu, which for
a lot of things is totally fine and good.
You can get a little bit more of a boost,
particularly when it comes to image stuff,
by switching over to a gpu.
And so again, little seeds
that I plant in your mind now.
So if you're following along and
you missed that,
I have now at least put at
least one stake in the ground.
You're like, why is mine going so
much slower than his?
At one point I will switch
to the fancy GPUs for the,
the fancy stuff mostly because who wants
to wait for my computer to do stuff?
But these are the kind of little
pillars that we're gonna jump,
you know, kind of like put in place
right now in our brains so that when
they come up later today, I can reference
them as if I had a plan this entire time.
A few other things to kind of look at.
Like there are other libraries
that make an appearance.
None of them are things that you need
to have an in depth knowledge of.
So you're like, I don't know what that is.
That's fine.
We will kind of explain
most of it as we go along.
We're kinda just using
them somewhat lightly.
The one that we will see
the most is Pytorch,
which is built by our friends at Meta,
and it is just a set of tools for
working with things like tensors and
other neural networks and models.
Along those lines,
that is Other things like Numpy and
I will use matplotlib just to visualize
stuff at one point or another, but
those mostly just make guest appearances,
right?
The main thing that we'll be using is
the Hugging Face Transformers library and
the Diffusers library and
some other fun Pythoney stuff.